this is my pen link: https://codepen.io/ABibb/pen/qBZBWYg?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 html markup language  
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    to create websites
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    special words placed inside open and closed tags 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
     the most importatn title on the page;only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <!--doctype html-->
    7. What is an id?
     gives attributes unique names
    8. What elements can I add an id to?  
    div 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once
    10. What is a class?
    specifies one or more names for elements  
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add an anchor tag 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?  
    alternate text
    15. How do I reference an id? 
    with a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    sections means any content within the the section are grouped together divs divide html code into sections  
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to style the webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page  
    h2,{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .<classname> 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .class human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    nav a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    h,[
        line-height:xxpx;}
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    h,{
        letter-spacing: xxpx;}
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? 
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    add a tag or id to the div .class{border:1px;
    border-color:black;
    border-style:dotted;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    function  selectall {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <--""-->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm <filename> 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
      often as possible but mainly after big changes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it is non movible
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

